---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "satellite_auth_source_ldap Data Source - terraform-provider-satellite"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data source to access information about a Red Hat Satellite LDAP Authentication Source.
---

# satellite_auth_source_ldap (Data Source)

Data source to access information about a Red Hat Satellite LDAP Authentication Source.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "satellite_auth_source_ldap" "ActiveDirectory" {
  search = "name=AD"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `search` (String) A search filter for the LDAP Authentication Source search. The search must only return 1 authentication source.

### Read-Only

- `account` (String) The DN of the LDAP Bind Account.
- `attr_firstname` (String) The LDAP attribute that maps to first name.
- `attr_lastname` (Number) The LDAP attribute that maps to last name.
- `attr_login` (String) The LDAP attribute that maps to username.
- `attr_mail` (String) The LDAP attribute that maps to email address.
- `attr_photo` (Number) The LDAP attribute that maps to a photo.
- `base_dn` (String) The base DN from which LDAP searches will be performed.
- `created_at` (String) Timestamp of when the LDAP authentication source was created.
- `groups_base` (String) The base DN from which LDAP searches for groups will be performed.
- `host` (String) The hostname of the LDAP server.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `ldap_filter` (String) TODO
- `name` (String) The name of the LDAP authentication source.
- `onthefly_register` (Boolean) TODO
- `port` (Number) The port the LDAP server is listening on.
- `server_type` (String) The type of the LDAP server.
- `tls` (Boolean) Is TLS enabled for the LDAP server?
- `type` (String) TODO
- `updated_at` (String) Timestamp of when the LDAP authentication source was last updated.
- `use_netgroups` (Boolean) TODO
- `usergroup_sync` (Boolean) TODO


