---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "satellite_content_view Data Source - terraform-provider-satellite"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# satellite_content_view (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "satellite_content_view" "default" {
  name = "Default Organization View"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- **composite** (Boolean) Is the Content View a composite view?
- **environment_id** (Number) The ID of a Lifecycle Environment to look for the Content View in.
- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **name** (String) The name of the Content View.
- **noncomposite** (Boolean) Is the Content View not a composite view?
- **nondefault** (Boolean) Is the Content View a non-default view?
- **organization_id** (Number) The ID of the organization that contains the Content View.
- **repository_ids** (List of Number) A list of repository IDs contained in the Content View.
- **search** (String) A search filter for the Content View search. The search must only return 1 Content View.
- **without** (Set of String) TODO

### Read-Only

- **activation_keys** (List of Number) A list of Activation Keys that reference the Content View.
- **auto_publish** (Boolean) Is auto publish enabled for the Content View?
- **component_ids** (List of Number) A list of component IDs contained in the Content View.
- **created_at** (String) Timestamp of when the Content View was created.
- **default** (Boolean) Is the Content View a default view?
- **description** (String) A description of the Content View.
- **environments** (List of Number) A list of Lifecycle Environments containing the Content View.
- **force_puppet_environment** (Boolean) TODO
- **label** (String) A label for the Content View.
- **last_published** (String) Timestamp of when the Content View was last published.
- **latest_version** (String) The latest version of the Content View.
- **next_version** (String) The next proceeding version of the Content View.
- **organization** (Map of String) The organization that contains the Content View.
- **repositories** (List of Number) A list of repositories contained in the Content View.
- **solve_dependencies** (Boolean) TODO
- **updated_at** (String) Timestamp of when the Content View was last updated.
- **version_count** (Number) The number of versions of the Content View.
- **versions** (List of Number) A list of the versions of the Content View.


