---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "satellite_filter Resource - terraform-provider-satellite"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource to manage a permission filter for a role in Red Hat Satellite.
---

# satellite_filter (Resource)

Resource to manage a permission filter for a role in Red Hat Satellite.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "satellite_filter" "miscellaneous" {
  role_id       = satellite_role.my_role.id
  resource_type = ""
  permission_names = [
    "access_dashboard",
    "rh_telemetry_api",
    "rh_telemetry_view",
  ]
  organization_ids = [
    // unlimited == no organization set
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **permission_names** (Set of String) A list of permission names that should be enabled in the filter. The permission names must be valid for the role specified in `resource_type`.
- **resource_type** (String) The resource type of the filter.  Once this is set, it cannot be changed without recreating the filter.
- **role_id** (Number) The ID of the role that the filter should be created under.

### Optional

- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **location_ids** (Set of Number) A list of IDs of locations to associate with the filter. Unless `override` is set to `true` this should generally contain the `location_ids` that the parent role is associated with. It may also need to be set to an empty list if you desire the permission to be `unlimited`.
- **organization_ids** (Set of Number) A list of IDs of organizations to associate with the filter. Unless `override` is set to `true` this should generally contain the `organization_ids` that the parent role is associated with. It may also need to be set to an empty list if you desire the permission to be `unlimited`.
- **override** (Boolean) When set to true, you can specify `location_ids` and `organization_ids` to allow the role to access the `resource_type` in the specified locations and organizations.
- **search** (String) If this is not set, then the filter will apply to all objects of the specified resource type. This means the value of `unlimited` will be true.  You can specify a search which can be used to limit the resources that the permission applies to. This will result in the value of `unlimited` being false. For more information see the [Red Hat documentation](https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_satellite/6.8/html/administering_red_hat_satellite/chap-Red_Hat_Satellite-Administering_Red_Hat_Satellite-Users_and_Roles#sect-Red_Hat_Satellite-Administering_Red_Hat_Satellite-Users_and_Roles-Granular_Permission_Filtering).

### Read-Only

- **created_at** (String) A timestamp of when the filter was created.
- **locations** (List of Map of String) A list of objects containing the locations the filter applies to.
- **organizations** (List of Map of String) A list of objects containing the organizations the filter applies to.
- **permission_ids** (Set of Number) A list of permission IDs that match the list of permissions supplied in `permission_names`.
- **permissions** (Set of Map of String) A list of objects containing the permissions enabled in the filter.
- **role** (Map of String) An object containing information about the role the filter is associated with.
- **unlimited** (Boolean) A boolean that indicates if a filter applies to all resources of the `resource_type` or just a subset of resources specified in `search`.
- **updated_at** (String) A timestamp of when the filter was last updated.


